tail ears so easy whoa whoa whoa hold on
now you're gonna learn how to act like a
cat I'm gonna throw some situations at
you and you're just gonna react like a
cat no fetching is for dopes you're
above that cats
land on their feet the fact of life
absolutely not
never gonna happen
[Music]
until in the face okay
searches but to the cop walk on keyboard
there you go
coffee on computer and down nice yes you
got it here as close to a cat as a dog
can get just your life offense to eat
sweet P what cats eat birds you're
seriously gonna make are you sweet be no
bad dog
bad cat dog oh sorry what you're about
to hear is the most dramatic thing you
ever heard in your whole life excuse me
do any of you know captain snowball yeah
yes yes we do and here we go
my name is Stacy and I really gotta talk
to him I don't mean to sound dramatic
but a poor defenseless animal needs
saving
I'm he captive snowball for all right I
gotta go but nice meeting you what
wasn't yet okay you don't listen it's
Daisy whatever okay I got to get to do
to get stuff to do
[Music]
not in any way no no bow let's free that
tiger but that's right probably you huh
you're wearing the bright suit
everyone's gonna notice you I'll be fine
[Music]
Oh
here's that good morning New York City
[Music]
what are you doing what's it look like
I'm doing I'm doing superhero stuff I'm
calling this meeting of the superhero
animal friends to order come on Molly
time to go oh I'm gonna be late for
school captain snowball you're in charge
while I'm gone one first of all I want
to welcome white thunder back from the
washing machine who was put in there
with a red blanket and hates fourth will
be known as pink thunder personally I
like the new look
[Music]
No why is there a lampshade on your head
my owner might have given me a little
bit of cap okay
do you hear that Oh your party oh I
wonder what other sounds I could make
are you finished hi I'm home hey messy
let's say we go for a walk this is nice
no you tricked me first time here uh
yeah Oh dr. Francis is the best
veterinarian in the business you're
gonna love him he specializes in
behavioral disorders but I don't have a
behavioral disorder I I'm fine too it's
by human that's nuts
I mean you know I I bring it red dead
bird she throws it out I bring her dead
mouse garbage I've gone no no my owner
always says you're such a good dog and I
feel like a good dog
what if deep down I'm a bad dog I'm a
bad dog we start fires that was weird
Oh sister it's gonna get way weirder
[Music]